$sys_nb_backend_workers removed from local.inc (#1321)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/deployment-guide/15.x.rst

  Tuleap 15.5 is currently under development.

``$sys_nb_backend_workers`` removed from ``local.inc``
------------------------------------------------------

> The configuration variable ``$sys_nb_backend_workers``,
> used for asynchronous job processing (see :ref:`backend workers guide<installation_redis>`),
> is now set via the following command::
> 
>   tuleap config-set sys_nb_backend_workers 2
> 
> It is recommended to remove it from ``/etc/tuleap/conf/local.inc`` and issue the command above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration variable ``$sys_nb_backend_workers``,
used for asynchronous job processing (see :ref:`backend workers guide<installation_redis>`),
is now set via ``tuleap config-set``.

It is recommended to remove it from ``/etc/tuleap/conf/local.inc``. If you had set it specifically to a value greater than 2, you can keep it your setting by issuing the following command:

.. sourcecode:: shell

    tuleap config-set sys_nb_backend_workers <NB>
  
```

We probably should not encourage operators to specifically override our default values if it is not necessary. This give us the possibility to adjust in the future if we determine than something else is better and to propagate the better setting to more instances.

Author: Ok
